Pudgy Belly




Linda was fuming coming out of the doctor's office. It was a beautiful spring day outside but she felt like, all the dark clouds were closing on her. How could this be? How could she be pregnant? She had sex so rarely and when she did, she made sure that there was more than enough protection. This was unbelievable. She was on the pill, she used a contraceptive cream as a safeguard and asked the guy, the asshole to wear a condom. She did not remember if he had a condom at the heat of the moment but she remembered that he said he will use one. How could this happen? She remembered the morning sickness but it was just for 3-4 days and she thought something bad she ate gave her the stomach problem. In the last two weeks, she started to feel her pudgy belly and was worried that she was going to lose her shape which would be detrimental to her line of business, so she decided to see a doctor.

She had parked almost a city block away from the doctor's office. Walking back to her car, she cooled off a little bit and started thinking rationally. Having a child was unacceptable for a hitwoman. She needed to get this baby aborted before it was too late. As far as she knew, she only had another 2-3 weeks before she legally cannot get an abortion. She went to the office where she pretended like she has a dull, regular life, at her dead-end clerical position. When she got to her car, she put her purse on the passenger seat and her hand inadvertently grabbed the Beretta with the silencer attached inside the hidden compartment. She wanted to stick this gun into her vagina and pull the trigger so badly to get rid of this 'thing' inside of her. Then, she thought, her elevated hormone levels must be playing tricks on her. The rest of the day was spent in a hazy atmosphere. Her mind was occupied by the problem at hand. Good thing, it was Friday.

When she woke up the next morning, she got in her sweatpants and a 
t-shirt and immediately left home to go to an abortion clinic. Once there, they asked million questions and asked for her medical records. Unfortunately, back in her hometown, doctors did not work the weekends. So she made an appointment for Monday evening, after work, to take care of the problem. Her weekend was ruined. She had to carry out a contract on Sunday and she was not sure if she could do it under these circumstances. She needed to look sexy and she did not feel like that right now. Sunday came, she woke up and looked herself in the mirror and decided to give it a whirl. It was not the smartest decision she had made lately but she wanted to go for it. It was simple and uncomplicated. She had to take care of a husband for a female client, which was going to give her a forty thousand dollars breathing room. Money was tight lately and she could not let this one slip.

She took a shower and had her coffee. Then she went to her closet and picked a little black dress to wear to the job. It felt a little stretchy but was not very uncomfortable. She then put on a pair of black stockings under her knee high riding boots. With the mid-elbow length gloves and her envelope style purse, just enough to carry her trusted Beretta with its silencer attached, she was ready to roll. On her way out, she grabbed her Ray-Ban aviator style sunglasses and a long, black silk scarf and wrapped around her head loosely. Since she was going to play the personal friend of the rich man's wife, she decided to drive the convertible BMW. Outside, weather was nice. So she put the top down. Drive was about 25 minutes from her home. But she had to make a pit-stop at the local train station to pick up a special handbag which looked very similar to hers. Client asked her to carry this purse to conceal her handgun. The purse had cameras placed on the front, back and two ends. Wife wanted to watch her husband getting executed. Once she had the new purse and back in her car, she drove off to a place and pulled over and moved her Beretta to the new purse. Soon after, she was at her target's house. They had a one of those circular driveways. She stopped right in front of the main entrance. She got out and rang the doorbell. The maid was given the day off, so the husband was supposed to be alone at home.

When the husband opened the door, the idea of him being alone, went out the window. His hair, or whatever hair was left on his half-bald head was unruly. Half untucked shirt which looked unironed was another giveaway but the main sign that he was accompanied by a female was the smear of lipstick on his collar. He looked at her in a way to say "Aren't you the sight for sore eyes" by checking her out top to bottom. Then he asked how he could help. Linda introduced herself as she held the purse close to her chest to expose the view to her client. She used her real name, but it was not important as he will not be able to utter it to anyone else. She said she was a friend of her wife, Jessica and they worked together for the charity event. Jessica was supposed to leave him an envelope with the guest list in it and she was here to pick up the envelope. Husband, as expected, was totally unaware of the arrangement and was still in shock of seeing such a beauty at his doorstep. He said his wife was out of town and did not leave him any envelopes to be given to her. Linda suggested calling her on her cell phone.

Husband hesitated for a moment, thinking a sudden sound from the female upstairs may stir up the things as Linda was supposed to be a friend of the wife. So he decided to play it safe and told Linda that his cell phone was upstairs and he'll be right back with it as he started climbing the stairs. Linda spoke slowly and quietly to the handbag and said there was a woman upstairs and if her client wanted her dead as well, she should want to speak to her and the bill would go up by another 20 thousand dollars. Linda was pretty sure that she was going to accept the offer. Money was nothing to her and with the untimely demise of her husband, she was going to have much more than she knew what to do with. Linda waited for another minute or two before the husband appeared back at the top of the stairs with a cell phone at hand. He started dialing as he walked down the steps. In the midway, his wife picked up and obviously wanted to speak to Linda. Husband held the phone forward and said that his wife wanted to talk to her. In the brief 10 second conversation, she told Linda that she wants the "bitch", with her own words, dead too. Linda answered indicating she understood and gave the phone back to the husband. Jessica told the husband that the envelope Linda was picking up was in the closet under the dresser across the lobby, at the lower shelf.

Husband turned around and took few steps to reach the dresser and kneeled down and opened the door of the cabinet. This was the moment Linda was waiting for. She dipped her gloved hand into the handbag and took her Beretta out. She took a couple of steps forward after pushing the door to block the view from outside and positioned herself 6 feet from the husband's back and fired two shots aimed at his upper thighs. The purpose was to immobilize him. He let out a silent yelp as he did not understand what was happening. The small caliber gun with an 8 inches long silencer did not produce much of a noise. But he felt the pain in his legs. With firm but slow steps, Linda came and stood by his left side as his face was turned to the floor. He was trying to push himself up from the floor with the help of his arms but Linda used the tip of her boot to press his left arm down as she carefully paced another bullet to his upper arm, ripping his muscle. This time he screamed louder. Did not matter to Linda. She aimed the tip of the silencer and another soft phhuut sound was heard. The bulled this time ripped the muscles in the upper right arm.

Linda then pushed the tip of her boot, under his chest on the left side and rolled him around so that he faces his executioner. This was the part she enjoyed the most. And with her hormones playing tricks on her, it could not get any better than this. She reached to the tissue box on top of the dresser and picked up few sheets and shoved them to his mouth to muffle his whining. The she reached and picked up the phone from the floor. Then she asked the wife if she wanted to say any parting words to her husband. Upon hearing "yes" answer, she stretched her arm to place the phone next to the husband's ear. She did not listen what Jessica said to him but he was not happy. When the sounds on the phone ceased, she asked if it is now okay to finish him off. Jessica asked for a good viewing angle. Linda held the purse on her left hand closest possible to her chest and stretched her arm to expose the Beretta in the picture. She aimed at his heart and started squeezing the trigger in a slow pace. Everytime a bullet hit his body, it jumped off the ground a fraction of an inch. After all the bullets in the clip was spent, his body looked nearly lifeless but there still was a slight movement of the chest. So he still was breathing. She removed the empty clip and got the loaded one from under her bra and slid it in. Then she chambered the first round by releasing the slide. And then she placed one last bullet to the middle of his forehead.

She then climbed the stairs. She was guessing the scenario which was going to play shortly, between her and the female target. She was hoping the target would not put up a big fight. As she carefully inspected the rooms upstairs, she thought she had found the master bedroom with the door closed. The audacity of the guy she thought. Wife is gone for a couple of days and he takes in a call girl to her bed. Linda slowly opened the door and a smile appeared in her face. There was not going to be a struggle. During their lovemaking session, husband had tied her to the bedposts from her wrists and ankles, using silk stockings. Her eyes were covered with a sleeping mask. She did not hear Linda coming in as the soft soles of her boots did not make any sound on the plush carpet. She must have felt Linda's hand coming close to her face to remove the sleeping mask and she asked "Are you back darling?" But moments later, with the mask off her eyes, she was surprised to see a woman in a little black dress with a slightly pudgy belly, holding a gun with a silencer attached. She was trying to grasp the things. Fortunately for her, she did not have to think hard, or long for that matter. Linda positioned the camera handbag for the best viewing angle for her client and started shooting in a leisurely manner. At the sound of the first shot, her target had screamed. But subsequent bullets entering her body did not yield any vocal response from her. But watching the petite body jump like a marionette with the strike of each bullet made her almost reach an orgasm on the spot. For a moment she forgot she was pregnant. She enjoyed her line of work and with the extra twenty grand, the payment was going to give her a lot of wiggle room selecting her next assignment, not that she minded this one. It actually turned out better than expected. 
