Angel of Dawn



It was 1 am and even though Amy was a night person, it was kind of
unusual time to wake up. She got up, turned on the super smart coffee
maker in the kitchen. The thing whirled a few seconds sucking the
coffee beans, then whizzed for a while to grind the beans and started
brewing. Meanwhile, Amy went to the bathroom and turned the shower on.
After a few seconds, the water was at the right temperature. She
stepped into the shower cabin. Normally her shower was her ritual in
the mornings, or rather close to noon every day, but tonight, it was
different. She took a quick one. She got out of the shower and wrapped
herself into the thick, velvety Turkish bathrobe, which she had
acquired while taking care of a "job" in Istanbul last year.

Coffee hit the right spot. She opened her special wardrobe section
which was not noticeable to the ordinary Joe or Jane. This is where she
kept her tools of the trade. She picked out a white silk sleeveless
blouse showing ample amount of cleavage, a black leather mini skirt,
knee high black leather boots, and a pair of matching black soft
leather gloves covering her arms to her elbows. When she looked
herself in the mirror, she looked like a high class hooker, which was
the look she was going for.

She was undecided which type of handgun to use for the upcoming event.
She went to the drawer where she kept her arsenal. She picked the Sig
Sauer up, screwed an 8 inch silencer and balanced it in her hand. Amy
was the petite type. A handgun like a Sig looked huge in her hands but
she appreciated the power it provided when she needed the most. Then
she went to her old faithful .22 caliber Beretta. This is the tool she
started her trade with. She put on a relatively small silencer to this
one and without thinking it twice she slid the gun inside the back of
her skirt. But she decided to take the Sig as well. She disassembled
the suppressor and placed it in to the hidden compartment in her
handbag.

The clock was showing 2:30 am when she stepped out of her home and got
into her blue BMW and drove off into the night. This job she took was
unusual for her. It was about 3 hours drive and it needed to be
executed before the workday started for some reason. Client demanded
so and she accepted it for two reasons. One, the pay was good even
though she did not really needed the money; Two, the client was a very
close friend of the guy who introduced her int this line of business,
and she could not disappoint her 'sponsor' for the lack of a better
term.

It was almost 5 am when her cell phone rang. Not too many people knew
this number. And the called ID told this is her client. Plan was, the
client had her mark incapacitated by two of his men. All she needed to
do is to take her mark out while a running video camera captured the
events and the tape to be delivered to the client as a proof. "Oh" the
client added, "I want the two goons bring the mark to you to be
eliminated as well" which she agreed.

She drove east for another hour. The daylight started to come out of
the horizon. She saw the puprle painted, deserted diner in the middle
of nowhere, her driving directions instructed her to look for and made
a left turn at the next intersection. The road, obviously, once paved
but that once was a long, long time ago as she heard the noise from
the tires of her BMW. She drove another few miles and stopped at the
red barn which was once used but now falling apart.

The car her client sent with her mark in it was waiting for her. She
reached into the glove compartment and pulled out a camcorder. Put it
on the dashboard and turned it on. It started capturing the events.
Although gun noise would not be a problem at this desolate land, she
liked the professional look it introduced as well as she did not like
noise after all. She screwed the silencer to the Sig and placed it in
her handbag. She opened the driver's side door, half way turned her
body around and put her boots down on the dirt.

At the same time the two goons sitting in the front seat of the car
got outside and starting moving towards her. She got out and
graciously closed her car door. She started moving towards the black
Towncar. Even though it was such an early hour in the morning, it felt
like 70 degrees outside. All four windows of the other car was rolled
all the way down. The driver of the Towncar yelled and kept walking at
the same time: "Where do you want us to take him ?" Amy responded: "It
doesn't matter. Any place is as good as the other" while walking
towards the gorillas sent by her customer. She put her gloved han
inside the hanbag she hung on her shoulder. Grasped the hadle of the
sig and curled her finger around the trigger. When the two guys came
near enough. She fired a shot hitting the driver in the chest. The
other guy could not understand what happened but by his reflexes, he
reached for his gun. Needless to say he was not quick enough. He got
hit in the stomach with two very quick shots. Both men fell onto the
ground, squirming with pain.

Amy decided to start the party with Antonio, who was the driver, at
the same time who was the one got shot first. knowing that they can
not cause any harm in their current situation, walked in firm but not
running steps, positioned herself on top of Antonio He was very much
alive and was able to see her underwear from the position he was
looking up to her. She held the gun in one hand and fired two shots to
his stomach. Antonio doubled up. Amy was enjoying the power trip she
was having. She smiled and without saying anything, pulled the trigger
one more time, aiming Antonio's temple. His body went limp and he was
dead in less than three seconds.

She slowly moved over to the other goon. His name was Ronny. From the
very short conversation they had before they got shot, Amy figured
that he was the one in charge of this operation. Amy noticed that
while she was taking care of Antoni, even though Ronny was shot, his
genital area had gotten noticeably larger. She stood on top of Ronny
and with the tip of her right boot, she stepped on his penis. Ronny
rolled over in pain. "Are you going to go soft on me Ronny ?" Amy
asked smiling. She raised the Sig, aimed it at his heart and
cold heartedly pulled the trigger while she was smiling. Ronny was on
his way out of this world but Amy did not even want to wait for
another second. She aimed at his forehead and put two more bullets
into his head.

While she was doing all this, her real mark was getting extremely
excited. He was hoping Amy would be the rescue team sent after
himself. But he could not be any more wrong than this. Amy put the sig
into her handbag and threw the handbag over the hood of the towcar and
reached for her Beretta stuck on the back between her skirt and
blouse. This suppressor was already attached. She walked to the back
door of the Towncar and opened it. Her mark was considerably smaller
than the two thugs she took care of a minute ago. Maybe 5'5" and 150
lbs or so. She held the collar of her shirt and pulled him out of the
car. His hands were  handcuffed on his back limiting his mobility. As
soon as he got out of the car he fell onto his knees. He tried to get
up but Amy pushed him down, saying. "Stay there. You are in perfect
position." She continued: "Now make me happy, I have been driving for
almost five hours to get here and I am cranky. It is your job to make
me happy". He did not quite understood what she exactly meant but his
manly instincts were telling him this has to do with some sexual
satisfaction.

Since he could not use his hands, and he was down on his knees, he
decided to start by kissing her legs and get down to business. As he
moved his lips between Amy's knees and her vagina, she made purr like
sounds. Then he started kissing her boots from top to the heels and
toes. As the leather material of the boots were very soft, Amy could
almost feel his lips on his legs under the boots. He went on up'n'down
for almost 10 minutes. Amy was at the edge of an orgasm. She pushed
him away for a moment and by pushing down on his ass, made him face
the ground, not be able to see her. Then she reached under her mini
skirt with the suppressor of her Beretta and touched her clitoris. Her
body was already at its peak, waiting to explode, she started
convulsing with ecstasy. She ordered him to get up to his knees. Then
without saying anything more, she approached him, held his head with
her both hands on the sides and pushed his face to her vagina, making
him give her oral sex. He was not the most sophisticated oral sex
provider, but for Amy, at the spur of the moment, he was enough to
provide her another orgasm. When she felt better, she pushed him hard
holding his face. He basically folded on his knees and fell back.
While all this happened, she totally forgot the camcorder. She decided
to edit the tape later but she was not worried about it.

She loved the feeling of her Beretta. She was thankful for the power
her Sig provided earlier but her Beretta was small and elegant. Made
just for a lady her size. She went and spread her legs on the sides of
her victim's body and looked down on him. Without spending any more
words, she pulled the trigger twice in rapid succession. Two bullets
entered his body in the abdomen. He could not understand what was
happening. He moaned and asked but Amy was not interested in
answering. All she knew, she was enjoying herself to an unimaginable
extent and making good money for doing it at the same time. She placed
her feet on his left side while he was sitting on her back, with her
right boot, she pressed his left cheek, forcing his head make a half
turn to the right. She fired another round, this time to his crotch.
He screamed. She moved her boot from his face, squated down and turned
his face towards hers with a gentle touch with her left hand while her
right hand was clasping the Beretta. She smiled and said, "Parting is
such a sweet sorrow, but like any other good thing, this one had to
come to an end". It was good for her. Extremely satisfying she thought
while pointing the business end of the Beretta's suppressor to his
left temple. She pulled the trigger one final time. She loved this
handgun. It did not jerk wildly like the Sig. And with the suppressor
attached, it was barely audible.

She got up, pushed the body with her foot and rolled it over to face
down position. While she was walking away from the body, she paused,
and turned her upper boddy half way towards it and fired two more
shots to his heart, just for the extra satisfaction. Picked up her
handbag from the hood and got back into her BMW. Turned off the
camcoredr and placed it into the glove compartment before driving off.
When she hit the freeway heading west, she saw the first rays of the
sunlight on her rear view mirror.

